as this disturbing image shows the Daily
Mail confirmed what I had long suspected
it is not just the case that Micheli of
Peterson converted her father to this
diet that she converted her mother to
this diet she is also now feeding her
tiny daughter daughter Dora beer 'sons
granddaughter is eating a carnivore diet
nothing but milk and meat a heart
disease my kidneys are on fire
inflammation off the roof
b12 inadequate still I'm scared to death
but yeah I got nothing to hide I have no
attachment to the carnivore diet I just
I'm looking for truth here if it's not
the healthiest diet then why do it so
we're not doing it anymore tell you that
much a little disclaimer about cultural
relativity and cultural sensitivity at
the start of this video if you talk to
Japanese people even Japanese people who
are completely fluent in English but
culturally they're still Japanese they
will walk up to you and say hi you got
fat hi you gained weight since last time
I saw you completely factual statement
it's not they if you get offended
they're surprised and if you lost weight
since the last time that said those it
oh you lost weight
oh your say that in Japanese they say
that in English and to them it's normal
oh and if your first language is English
and you grew up in the United States of
America it's not normal it's real
abrasive it's real surprising now we
have a lot of strange unexamined
cultural sensitivities in the decadent
West it's completely normal for someone
supporting veganism to publish a book
called how not to die it's totally
acceptable in our culture to encourage
someone by saying them hey you know what
if you eat more cucumbers and broccoli
and lettuce and beans as your source of
protein whole boiled beans you're going
to lose weight you're going to be
healthier we're allowed to say that but
culturally what we're not allowed to say
is the exact opposite which is hey you
know what
what's your anything right now you're
gonna die it's gonna kill you your diet
right now is making you fat your diet
right now is killing you and from a
vegan perspective there's some other
considerations here like guess what the
diet you're eating right now is killing
cows is killing pigs is killing chickens
all right we have this peculiar case
study of dr. jordan peterson esteemed
political leader for i don't know
right-wing postmodern christians in the
united states and canada he preaches to
a very strange crowd he's gone from
being a self-help book guru to you know
being some kind of conservative
political demagogue there's an audience
for that whatever i wish you guys well I
don't find his message all that
seductive alluring
in the midst of this there's a very
peculiar kind of psychological
relationship between jar dr. Jordan
Peterson and his daughter his daughter
had a range of self diagnosed illnesses
her whole life of course she has had
some medical care but she also says in
her description that many of her medical
problems were never really understood
were never really diagnosed it's never
really clear what the problem was at her
own Macalester states that so before dr.
Pearson's rise to stardom she did not
have a whole lot going on in terms of
her education and her career and once
starter Peterson became a big success
story as she says openly she basically
became a kind of manager for him she has
been doing management work she says that
she runs her father's business she's a
little bit vague I don't forgot to do
with selling the books or marketing or
making appointments for his news I don't
know but she has lived her whole life in
her father's shadow and when she
discovered this quote-unquote
miracle diet of eating nothing but 100%
mean she became evangelical many people
make excuses claiming oh dr. Peterson
himself doesn't encourage others to eat
a 100% me diet dr. Peterson's wife
doesn't encourage others well guess what
his daughter does his daughter made this
so-called discovery totally pseudo
scientific discovery I
it's anti-scientific contrary to all the
entire progress of the science and
nutrition in the last hundred years
throwing all of it over she decides
based on her subjective personal
experience that eating a 100% meat diet
is good for her and guess what it's our
job to say no it'll kill you
no this is a diet with a body count this
is a diet with really serious really
negative life-altering side-effects for
you for your father and for your mother
and now the time you've all been waiting
for the cholesterol readings
[Music]
as a vegan I started off I was pretty
high at 4.88
which was 189 converted and then it went
down to three point 98 then three point
three four point one four point zero 5
which is 156 and your yankee-doodle
numbers and now we are at 7.45 that's
288 it doubled it basically doubled 156
to 288 now I have 40% less oxygen in my
brain I have a 97 percent increased risk
of a heart arrhythmia that will end my
life prematurely unfortunately the same
thing happened to the LDL that 2.55 shut
up a little ton it not ch2 5.25 that's
not much it's it's 203 it's supposed to
be 70 to 95 times the amount my arteries
have narrowed much like that of a bottle
of soap that you keep pouring it out of
and then it clogs up the nozzle nothing
gets anywhere I got heart disease my
kidneys are on fire
inflammation off the roof b12 inadequate
still I'm scared to death but yeah I got
nothing to hide I have no attachment to
the carnivore diet I just I'm looking
for truth here if it's not the
healthiest diet then why do it so we're
not doing it anymore tell you that much
so again psychologically she has a sense
of redemption she has a sense of being
an important person in her own right she
knows in a sense of going on tour and
giving keynote speeches she's now the
one standing behind the podium
addressing the crowd not her father and
she gets to stand on her own two feet
and be a kind of celebrity a kind of
personality a kind of
leader and also a kind of political
dissident she and Peterson both have
described themselves as if they're kind
of oppressed dissidents in rebellion
against the Canadian government's health
and food violence if you don't know what
I'm talking about can google that real
quick Peterson has said that stuff and
his daughter says something similar that
they they feel they feel there's some
kind of conspiracy of dunces misleading
people into thinking that you need to
have vitamin C and you need to eat green
vegetables you need eat foods like
broccoli oh man she's a she's rebelling
against this but arguing that a diet
that consists of nothing but ribeye
steak is she claims healthier and she
puts up photos of herself in a bikini
and her mother in a bikini and she says
that both she and her mother got
healthier and sexier and more attractive
by eating this diet well guess what
it may sound cute and upbeat and fun and
encouraging to say hey hey hey here's
this book how not to die here's the book
that's gonna prolong your lifespan
here's the book that's gonna help you
here's that here's the diet that's going
to help you eating a lot of both soluble
and insoluble plant fiber vegetables
beans etc the necessary other side of
the coin is to say guess what you're
killing yourself guess what you're
putting your father into an early grave
guess what you're killing your mother
right now
most of the analytical claims about the
advantages of the vegan diet are
comparing the health you can have on a
vegan diet to a standard American diet
they are not based on comparing a vegan
diet to the calamitous damage to your
health you will do if you eat a 100%
meat diet a diet that contains zero
fiber a diet that contains alarming
levels of cholesterol a diet that is
such a large percentage fat and of
course it's basically zero carbohydrates
that it's it's putting your body into a
kind of crisis mode that it will
struggle to recover from you may be
doing permanent damage to organs the
center now as at this time dr. Jordan
Pederson has come to my channel he's
watching my videos and commented on them
his daughter makalya Peterson McKay Lia
Peterson I do not know
that's her name and she doesn't know how
to pronounce mine Faris very um his
daughter has come and washed videos on
this channel and has commented my videos
in this channel I'm not making this
video for them but guess what we don't
know precisely what's wrong with dr.
Jordan Peterson's wife we don't know
what health problem is but what we do
know for a fact is that the insane
pseudo-scientific diet that his daughter
proposed to them that he and his wife
willingly accepted as a suggestion from
their daughter contrary to all
scientific evidence Carter do any casual
perusing of the basic science of
nutrition and how he came to the
conclusions and you know epidemiological
data for the continent is oh no no no no
his daughter handed them this fad diet
and what no one is gonna say to you
Jordan what nobody is gonna say to you
straight your face is you know what no
matter what the health condition is that
your wife know has no matter what it is
that's killing her I can tell you as a
fact that eating of 100% meat diet is
now putting her in her grave any
responsible doctor any responsible
medical professional or a nurse going
through the checklist if she's
interviewing your wife well you guys are
in the hospital get her is gonna go
through questions about diet and
exercise when have you live it with wait
a minute wait a minute you telling me
you eat zero green leafy vegetables
we're telling you they zero zero through
even if fruit isn't that healthy it's
really vegetables and beans we're
talking about here is the the healthiest
parts of ignite really you're eating a
100% meat diet that's suicide that's
suicide if you want to live somebody's
got to tell you straight to your face
this is how not to die I mean people
like to disrespect my truth but the fact
is that you know my name is I don't know